hello guys and girls welcome to
marbella channel and here we are like
platoon with me is cristina hammer
with the health card he has stayed
there for all and well then we are going to
continue where we left it in the
previous video we had made a small
forward a tutorial tutorial plan if
we see what nothing chirps police and then
for the first zetas mission that swims
very easily and we have stayed
just in the portal pool in the
portal
Well at the end and we go there we will
give you we are not here
He's wearing seven samurai
in fact indeed the scene costume
face to face with the tentacle
how
well I had already taken something that I have not
seen images of this bug so either
this gigantic platform there is
for you
I can not do anything
do not
rubbery relations
and there it is
and there is another
and there is more
well I guess this goes through phases the
first pints and the second one rises
I think so
I chose
these two pieces and now they are going to
be rotating
good have deception decade
and there
vintage now nobody simple followed
It is not very complicated
to the house
fair
and usually there are usually more than three
we lose
because all painted in green cited the
Interesting road spheres
look now
or extended
let's catch
so that each pillín then split
saved
and rays these louts are even
using your voice
but you've been awesome agent 3
It continues like this and we have not yet found the
great if hard
well, they are already directly
transmitting here in story mode the
thing
face to face with the tentacle there is has
got prototypes of assault weapons
antioch tarja nas design and engineering
guns all ink heraldry all ink
the shopping area under 1 chrome polo
a business card worth this is must
to be a design for a weapon is worth that
It will be fine, I suppose the truth
have a look
to see plugs are flaws of the
plugs
overload and overload
to the next area the
portal of area and we go in plan drop of
ink, well, this is how maps are
of super mario bros type and now
I have to get no doubt remaining
so there are six screens and then
there will be a boss
well it's good we've done
to come back I do not know
good in combat
but also the area we go but that yes
I want to look at the armory to see if I
they say something because I got the 3
but good where are you going with that weapon so
simple that you'll have to be 92
it's worth the next look what we 're going
to do is this we have taken to this
2 is a short video forest worth and what
what I'm going to do is the following video or
whether I'm going to look at it from the lost levels to
see as such also
a little babies because we will avoid
we will have to raise the law of the box
we would have to go to the book for the
rest of the moment surely no more
forward passes unlocking ask you more
things we have there the next way
map here take the trip this is worth but
that we are going to do now for the next
video this video has been short
it was just the boss and the next
video we will continue to do the mode
history but we must also
interspersing also because the editor the
duty but local but they will not eat
once but they are not giving or money
nor points of experience is therefore
I have to do combats online is
post in fun good guys
I hope you liked this little one
combat with the first boss
Thanks for watching and we'll see you in
next deliveries goodbye